### Plugins ###

### Regular Plugins
https://github.com/peterhurford/up.zsh
rummik/zsh-tailf
mattmc3/zman
zpm-zsh/colors
zpm-zsh/autoenv

### Utilities
romkatv/zsh-bench kind:path

### Syntax highlighting
zdharma-continuum/fast-syntax-highlighting kind:defer

### Completions
zsh-users/zsh-completions
belak/zsh-utils path:completion

### Oh My Zsh
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:lib
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/copybuffer
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/copyfile
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/copypath
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/extract
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/magic-enter
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/fancy-ctrl-z
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/aliases
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/aws
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/brew
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/colorize
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/docker-compose
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/git
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/node
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/npm
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/pip
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/python
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/rust
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/sudo
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/terraform
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/tmux
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/history-substring-search
ohmyzsh/ohmyzsh path:plugins/vi-mode

### Final Plugins
Aloxaf/fzf-tab
zsh-users/zsh-autosuggestions kind:defer
